README.md, before:

# Code Journal
<hr>

Dated Journal Entry <strong> (CPNT-260) </strong>
## Jan 20, 2022

Self assessment:
 - I want to practice CSS layouts
   - utilize the `float` property to make images float beside a text
      - Did not figure out how to place beside the actual text; ended up on the other side of the page? (check code pen link below for visualization)
   - font-family usage

Proof of Work:
 - created a Wiki article activity on <strong> Codepen </strong> utilizing the `float` property
   -  <a href="https://codepen.io/tseidolon/pen/XWeLNdz" target="_blank"> "Harry Potter Wiki Article Activity" </a>

Research:
 - "image beside heading html" --> `<h1><img src="img/logo.png" alt="logo" /> My website name</h1>` 
   - <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11701311/logo-image-and-h1-heading-on-the-same-line" target="_blank">  "stackoverflow" </a>
 - "CSS float" --> `img {float: right;}`
   - <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_float.asp" target="_blank">  "W3schools" </a>


<br>
<hr>
<hr>
Dated Journal Entries <strong> (DSGN 270) </strong>

## Jan 19, 2022
Self assessment:
 - I want to practice HTML by using it in VS code instead of markdown to write journals
Self Assessment Metrics:
 - 2 hours of the 6 hour Udemy course finished HTML and CSS 
   - lacking practice, basics done

Class-notes:
 - <a href="https://github.com/TSEidolon/in-class/blob/main/01-19/in_class_notes.html" target="_blank">"01-19 class notes in html"  </a>
  - <a href="https://github.com/TSEidolon/in-class/blob/main/01-19/css/styles-01-19.css" target="_blank">"CSS using font styles covered in class"  </a>
   - Tried to write class notes in HTML. 
   - Looks horrible but it'll do. 

Searched on google:
 - "Html font color" → `<p style="color:#0896db">#0896db</p>`

 - "link a url HTML" → `<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_converter.asp" target="_blank"> “text” </a> `
     - target=”_blank” opens the link in a new tab

To do:
 - practice CSS
 - Assignment 1 and 2 for DSGN 270

<br>
<hr>
<hr>
Assignment 1 - Markdown Code Journal <strong>(CPNT 201)</strong>

## Jan 12, 2022
- Writing my first journal entry. A bit confused using git and github. Im surprised on how easy it is to connect your local code?/server with your remote github.
- I need to learn HTML and CSS soon.

Commit message:

Added an entry for Jan 24. Fixed Heading issues in MD

README.md, after:

# Code Journal
<hr>
Dated Journal Entry <strong> (CPNT-260) </strong>
<h2> Jan 24, 2022 </h2>

Self assessment:
 - Practice <em> Flex Box </em> more by redoing the Navigation assignment 
   - landed on a more visually appealing final product:
      - <a href="https://codepen.io/tseidolon/pen/ZEXddbR" target="_blank"> "Old Navigation bar (January 21)" </a>
      - <a href="https://codepen.io/tseidolon/pen/ExbYLGP" target="_blank"> "New Navigation bar (January 24) </a>

Class Work:
 - Experimented with different transitions for the `:hover{}` property
   - `transition: color 300ms linear` seemed great for this use case.
 - Wanted to use color hues that were similar to the ones that were used in the ‘Harry Potter’ movie posters
  -  Downloaded “Color Picker” extension for Google Chrome


Troubleshooting:
 - Ran into a problem with the hover property → cause = placed in the wrong nested element? `(nav-items)`
   - solution = moved into the right nest `(nav-items-categories)`

<br>
<hr>
<hr>
Dated Journal Entry <strong> (CPNT-260) </strong>
<h2> Jan 20, 2022 </h2>

Self assessment:
 - I want to practice CSS layouts
   - utilize the `float` property to make images float beside a text
      - Did not figure out how to place beside the actual text; ended up on the other side of the page? (check code pen link below for visualization)
   - font-family usage

Proof of Work:
 - created a Wiki article activity on <strong> Codepen </strong> utilizing the `float` property
   -  <a href="https://codepen.io/tseidolon/pen/XWeLNdz" target="_blank"> "Harry Potter Wiki Article Activity" </a>

Research:
 - "image beside heading html" --> `<h1><img src="img/logo.png" alt="logo" /> My website name</h1>` 
   - <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11701311/logo-image-and-h1-heading-on-the-same-line" target="_blank">  "stackoverflow" </a>
 - "CSS float" --> `img {float: right;}`
   - <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_float.asp" target="_blank">  "W3schools" </a>


<br>
<hr>
<hr>
Dated Journal Entries <strong> (DSGN 270) </strong>

## Jan 19, 2022
Self assessment:
 - I want to practice HTML by using it in VS code instead of markdown to write journals
Self Assessment Metrics:
 - 2 hours of the 6 hour Udemy course finished HTML and CSS 
   - lacking practice, basics done

Class-notes:
 - <a href="https://github.com/TSEidolon/in-class/blob/main/01-19/in_class_notes.html" target="_blank">"01-19 class notes in html"  </a>
  - <a href="https://github.com/TSEidolon/in-class/blob/main/01-19/css/styles-01-19.css" target="_blank">"CSS using font styles covered in class"  </a>
   - Tried to write class notes in HTML. 
   - Looks horrible but it'll do. 

Searched on google:
 - "Html font color" → `<p style="color:#0896db">#0896db</p>`

 - "link a url HTML" → `<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_converter.asp" target="_blank"> “text” </a> `
     - target=”_blank” opens the link in a new tab

To do:
 - practice CSS
 - Assignment 1 and 2 for DSGN 270

<br>
<hr>
<hr>
Assignment 1 - Markdown Code Journal <strong>(CPNT 201)</strong>

## Jan 12, 2022
- Writing my first journal entry. A bit confused using git and github. Im surprised on how easy it is to connect your local code?/server with your remote github.
- I need to learn HTML and CSS soon.
